You left early yesterday.
I didn't pay my pocket money
You must give it all to me today.
And snacks
Hand over everything
More next time
By the way, don't tell your teachers and family.
Next time I'll kill you
Ah! What are you doing?
Rich, less nosy
I'm his brother.
You take his money
What to get money
This is for us.
If you don't believe me, ask the little mute
Right, mute?
How dare you not answer me when you ask me
It's not good to hit someone
Go and tell the teacher
Look at this face
Zhaozhao's mother, look at what Zhaozhao beat Xiaolong
So it was your son who beat me up
Brother Song Dan, we are really enemies
Is Zhaozhao like this?
No, he's lying.